docs: Mentioned Watchtower needs hooks enabled for auto-backup (#778)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/getting-started/setup/installation-guides/docker/README.mdx

</Tabs>

### Updating Appsmith

> ::::info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
```

   We recommend creating a backup of the Appsmith instance before performing an update. Please refer to the instructions here (https://docs.appsmith.com/getting-started/setup/instance-management/appsmithctl#backup-appsmith-instance) to create a backup.

> 

Reviewer: think we need to close the callout here 

<img width="1041" alt="Screenshot 2023-01-25 at 19 07 12" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32227135/214577687-a89c4b4e-e9cd-4323-9521-7297390e3956.png">

```suggestion
:::
```

Reviewer 2: Will be updated once I check-in.

   docker-compose up -d
   ```

To complement automatic updates, Appsmith also has an auto backup feature. Before an automatic update, Appsmith first creates a backup to provide a way to [rollback](/getting-started/setup/instance-management/appsmithctl#restore-appsmith-instance) the update to a previous version of Appsmith if necessary. For this auto backup to work, please ensure that there is a minimum of 2 GB of free storage; otherwise, both the backup and update tasks may fail.
:::note Appsmith relies on the Watchtower hook to perform an auto-backup before an update. Ensure that the WATCHTOWER_LIFECYCLE_HOOKS environment variable is enabled on the Watchtower instance in the [docker-compose.yaml](https://bit.ly/3h08WqB).

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> :::info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To complement automatic updates, Appsmith also has an auto backup feature. Before an automatic update, Appsmith first creates a backup to allow [rolling back](/getting-started/setup/instance-management/appsmithctl#restore-appsmith-instance) an update to a previous version of Appsmith if necessary. For this auto backup to work, please ensure that there is a minimum of 2 GB of free storage; otherwise, both the backup and update tasks fail.

> Appsmith relies on the Watchtower hook to perform an auto-backup before an update. Please ensure the WATCHTOWER_LIFECYCLE_HOOKS env is enabled on the Watchtower instance. Refer to the docker-compose.yaml at https://bit.ly/3h08WqB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note Appsmith relies on the Watchtower hook to perform an auto-backup before an update. Ensure that the WATCHTOWER_LIFECYCLE_HOOKS environment variable is enabled on the Watchtower instance in the [docker-compose.yaml](https://bit.ly/3h08WqB).
:::
```

> Please refer to this(/getting-started/setup/instance-management/appsmithctl#restore-appsmith-instance) to rollback the Appsmith data using the backup archives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you update your Appsmith instance and face any issues you can rollback the changes and [restore the Appsmith instance](/getting-started/setup/instance-management/appsmithctl#restore-appsmith-instance) from a backup archive.
```

keep rollback as one work although Grammarly suggests otherwise as users tend to type it as one word
